title: Generate entity files
subtitle: Workshop Module
-------

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Usage](#usage)


## <a class="anchor" name="introduction" href="#introduction">Introduction</a>


When scaffolding a module it will ask which entities you would like to have generated. This is useful however it can happen that you didn't think of one during the scaffolding.

One option would be to create all necessary files manually, or using the following command have them all generated for you.

## <a class="anchor" name="usage" href="#usage">Usage</a>

Using the following artisan command will generate all files and classes for entered entity.

``` .language-bash
php artisan asgard:entity:scaffold <entity> <module>
```

First argument is the entity you'd like to add, and second the module to which it needs to be added.

If you want to add a `Category` entity to the `Recipe` module this would be your command:

``` .language-bash
php artisan asgard:entity:scaffold Category Recipe
```

This will generate all following files :

- The `Category` and `CategoryTranslation` entities,
- The migration files for both entities,
- Admin controller class,
- Admin routes,
- Permissions,
- Repository (interface + eloquent implementation + cache decorator + binding in service provider),
- Views,
- Language file,
- Adding link to `Sidebar` class.

### Requirements

For AsgardCMS to know where to append certain data, it needs to have the original comments in the files generated by the module scaffold.

- `// add bindings` in the module service provider,
- `// append` in the `adminRoutes.php` file,
- `// append` in the `permissions.php` config file,
- `// append` in the `Sidebar` class.

Omitting those comments will simply mean those parts won't be generated.
